profile/README.md, before:

# Dograh AI

<h3 align="center">⭐ <strong>If you find value in this project, PLEASE STAR IT to help others discover our FOSS platform!</strong></h3>


<p align="center">
  <a href="LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%202--Clause-blue.svg" alt="License: BSD 2-Clause">
  </a>
  <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/dograh-community/shared_invite/zt-3czr47sw5-MSg1J0kJ7IMPOCHF~03auQ">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-4A154B?logo=slack" alt="Slack Community">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.docker.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-ready-blue?logo=docker" alt="Docker Ready">
  </a>
</p>

Dograh helps you build your own voice agents with an easy drag-and-drop workflow builder. It's the fastest way to build voice AI agents - from zero to working bot in under 2 minutes (our hard SLA standards).

- **100% open source**, self-hostable platform with built-in AI testing personas and flexible LLM/TTS/STT integration
- **Maintained by YC alumni and exit founders**, ensuring the future of voice AI stays open, not monopolized

## 🎥 Demo Video

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LK8mvK5TH2Q">
    <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/LK8mvK5TH2Q/maxresdefault.jpg" alt="Watch Dograh AI Demo Video" width="80%" style="border-radius: 8px; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);">
  </a>
  <br>
  <em>Click to watch a 2-minute demo of Dograh AI in action</em>
</div>

## Learn more

See the [dograh-hq/dograh readme](https://github.com/dograh-hq/dograh) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: revise README to promote Dograh's advantages
Updated README to emphasize Dograh as an open-source alternative to Vapi, highlighting its features and benefits.

profile/README.md, after:

# Dograh AI - The Open-Source Alternative to Vapi

<h3 align="center">⭐ <strong>If you find value in this project, PLEASE STAR IT to help others discover our FOSS platform!</strong></h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%202--Clause-blue.svg" alt="License: BSD 2-Clause">
  </a>
  <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/dograh-community/shared_invite/zt-3czr47sw5-MSg1J0kJ7IMPOCHF~03auQ">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-4A154B?logo=slack" alt="Slack Community">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.docker.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-ready-blue?logo=docker" alt="Docker Ready">
  </a>
</p>

**Build voice AI agents with full control and transparency**

Dograh is the **open-source alternative to Vapi** - helping you build voice AI agents with an easy drag-and-drop workflow builder. Unlike proprietary solutions, Dograh gives you:

- **🔓 100% Open Source** - No vendor lock-in, full code transparency
- **🏠 Self-Hostable** - Deploy anywhere, own your infrastructure
- **⚡ 2-Minute Setup** - From zero to working voice bot in under 2 minutes
- **🔧 Complete Control** - Every line of code is open and customizable
- **🤝 Community-Driven** - Maintained by Exit Founders/YC alumni committed to keeping voice AI open

**Why choose Dograh over Vapi?**
- No black box algorithms - see exactly how your voice agents work
- No monthly SaaS fees - deploy once, use forever
- No data lock-in - your conversations and models stay with you
- No vendor dependency - modify and extend as needed

Call-to-Action Section:
## Get Started in 2 Minutes

```bash
curl -o docker-compose.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dograh-hq/dograh/main/docker-compose.yaml && REGISTRY=ghcr.io/dograh-hq ENABLE_TELEMETRY=true docker compose up --pull always
```

## 🎥 Demo Video

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LK8mvK5TH2Q">
    <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/LK8mvK5TH2Q/maxresdefault.jpg" alt="Watch Dograh AI Demo Video" width="80%" style="border-radius: 8px; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);">
  </a>
  <br>
  <em>Click to watch a 2-minute demo of Dograh AI in action</em>
</div>

## Learn more

See the [dograh-hq/dograh readme](https://github.com/dograh-hq/dograh) for more details.
